Anyone…
Anyone
anyone
you can blame me
try to shame me
and I'll still care for you
you can run around
even put me down…
Still I'll be there for you.
There are at least two
sides to every story.
Yours and mine.
Ours and theirs.
His and hers.
Which means someone is always lying.
Mew.
Meow.
Do you dare? Woo-hoo!
Do you dare wake me up?
How are you. baby?
Can I ask you a question?
- Who's the baddest?
- Me!
- Who's the best?
- Who's the bravest?
- Me!
You're damn skippy. Go on. Go
downstairs. Let's get breakfast.
Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go!
Love you. baby.
Shit.
Hey. d'you take my charger?
Hey. Zoe. where's my charger?
I don't know.
- Hey.
- What. you wanna grow horns?
- Late night?
- Not really.
- What can I get you. baby?
- Strawberries.
Yeah? Strawberries? You gots it.
I didn't hear you come in.
I could've been bumping
megadeth. you wouldn't have heard.
Okay. don't start with me. Jack.
Vodka's cheaper than Ambien.
You know she's got
soccer practice today. right?
What time does that start?
- Three. four.
- 4:30. okay?
4:30 on wednesdays.
What?
Nothing. Just… you
smell good. It's weird.
Shit. No. wait.
- I can't… I can't take her.
- Why?
I told Barbara I might do something.
- So I can't go?
- Nah. baby.
What do you mean? I feel like...
you wanna call Barbara and
tell her I can't come tonight?
Baby. I'm taking you to practice.
but I'm coming straight from work.
You know what that
means? You gotta be ready.
That means water. cleats. and?
- Shin guards.
- That's right. baby.
Hey. Meg-Meg. I love you.
I love you. love you.
- Bye-bye.
- Bye.
Bye.
Yeah. baby. I like it raw
shimmy. shimmy. ya
shimmy. yam. shimmy. yay
gimme the mic so I can take it away
off on a natural charge. bon voyage
yeah. from the home of
the dodger Brooklyn squad
wu-tang killer bees on a swarm
rain on your college-ass disco dorm
for you to even touch my skill
you gotta go through one
killer bee and he ain't gonna
baby. I like it raw.
- Morning. Coming to you!
- Shimmy. shimmy. ya. shimmy. yam…
Hey. What is that? Curbside service?
- It's hot. Yeah. here.
- Thank you. priya.
Okay. All right. let's go.
- Where we goin'?
- I texted you. like. 20 times.
- You didn't get my texts?
- … phone's fucked. What's goin' on?
We've got a dead body.
Right now. anesthetic's
numbing the pain.
but the root's fractured.
That's causing an infection.
Two options.
One. antibiotics. Maybe save the tooth.
Two. pull it.
If it were me. I'd pull it. but I wouldn't
have gone a year between appointments.
- Give me the pills.
- Okay.
Write the name down of the
person that found the body.
- Anonymous call. sir.
- Anonymous? What?
Kimmy couldn't get a name?
What. male. female. nothin'?
No. sir. but I am told
that early indications...
early indications… whose
indications? What. Walters?
- Walters.
- Yeah.
And bill from booking? Come on.
Morons haven't been on a murder case
in ten years but have early indications?
No. come on. Boston. Don't
do that. You're better than that.
Don't let their narratives
cloud your judgment.
not on a possible homicide investigation.
You want facts. right? Not indications.
No hunches.
Anybody comes at you with
a hunch. shoot that shit down.
especially if they're from around here.
- You're from around here. sir.
- Yes. I am.
And I appreciate you pointing that out.
Okay. Here we go.
I just want you to keep in mind how
slow things move around here. right?
Not like Atlanta?
Not a lot of dead bodies found in
dahlonega. if you hadn't noticed.
Wow.
- Morning. Detective priya patel.
- Morning.
- How you doin'?
- Hi. Good.
- Good morning. detective.
- Hey. Good morning.
- We've got a good one down here.
- Yeah?
Pretty brutal. I hope you
guys aren't squeamish.
It's the worst one I've
seen in a long time.
Okay. Do we have an
approximate time of death?
- Not at this time. no.
- Okay. Any weapons found?
No.
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
yeah ain't no love in
the heart of the town no
ain't no love and it's sure enough a pity…
Hey. Sam. It's not workin'.
Let's look here.
It expired last year.
All set. Ms. Andrews.
Glad to have you back.
Thank you.
This whole neighborhood
but now that you're gone
you know the sun don't shine
from the city hall down to the county line.
- Is that Anna? Hey.
- Is that Anna?
Did you know she was coming back?
Anna!
- It was lexy. right?
- Still is.
You look amazing. What
happened to your face?
Excuse me. just on the way to see Jim.
- You're coming back?
- Of course.
Everybody. we're two minutes
to air. Two minutes to air.
Thrilled you're back.
You gave her my job?
Christ. Andrews. you
know it's not that simple.
"Lexy. Anna's back. You're fired."
That's about as complicated
as a ham sandwich. Jim.
- Call her in here. I'll do it for you.
- She's got a contract.
- So do I.
- Did.
I could only keep her as
substitute anchor for so long.
If I didn't make her
permanent. she was gonna walk.
How do you suddenly make that woman
the face of the station. Jim. in Atlanta?
I don't see color.
Look. Anna.
I'm a parent.
I can't imagine the hell
that you've been through.
We feel for you.
All of us.
But no matter how much I
sympathize. you disappeared for a year.
I don't need your sympathy.
Not that I don't appreciate it.
Jim. I do. I just… it's not necessary.
I needed the time. but now I'm good.
and if I have to reinvent myself
and earn my job back. I will.
Why now?
A week. a month. a year.
what difference does it make?
Now I'm ready.
And I've worked too hard
for too long to disappear.
I'm sorry. Anna. There's nothing I can do.
I really am.
- Dahlonega.
- Sorry?
- They found a body.
- I know.
Let me take it as a field reporter.
Field reporter?!
I mean. reinvention is one
thing. but that's a little far.
- I was born in dahlonega.
- News to me.
And raised there. I know
the people. They'll talk to me.
About what? It's one
body. We get that every day.
In Atlanta. not in small-town america.
and not when that body is
a murdered white woman.
You don't know it was murder.
and how do you know she was white?
In dahlonega? Trust
me. Jim. she's white.
It could be nothin'.
And if it is. I'll go quietly. but I
think we both know it's not nothin'.
Field reporter?
- Field-reporter salary.
- Done.
What's up with your face? I can't
have viewers thinkin' you're stroking out.
Novocaine. It'll wear off by lunch.
And cameraman. who do you want?
Richard.
Richard?
Jones?
As in lexy's husband? You know him?
No. just of him. but I hear he's the best.
One story. Andrews.
You fuck it up. create problems
for me. you're out. Hear me?
You got two hours. Better hustle if
you're gonna make the news at six.
Thank you. Jim.
Yeah. lucky me.
Fuck!
The number of stab
wounds. the frenzied pattern
has me thinking about the
message the killer is trying to send.
consciously or subconsciously.
She's two faced.
Well. there's nothing to suggest duplicity
as a motivation for this kind of violence.
That's the message. Boston.
It's on her nails.
Ever seen a dead body?
Of course.
Where?
- In school.
- Different. isn't it?
- Yeah. I'll get used to it.
- Yeah. let's hope not.
Look. I want everybody right now. I
want you to ask yourself a question.
"Do I need to be here?"
If the answer is no. please kick rocks
and go up to the
perimeter and help up there.
Everyone else. let's circle it up. okay?
We all got a pretty good idea who
that is layin' on the hood of that car?
A woman's died.
We need to respect
that. respect her family.
I do not want her husband
finding out that he lost his wife today
because this department
can't keep their mouth shut.
So let's be professional.
We're gonna do this properly.
- Yeah?
- Yes. sir.
He's gonna find out from
me. I'm gonna let him know.
I want no one else
making contact with him.
- Is that clear?
- Yes. sir.
Okay. I need her cell phone.
I want that phone. I
want it immediately. okay?
Let it be known. if
anyone finds that phone.
don't touch it. don't tinker
with it. bring it right to me.
- Understand that?
- Yes. sir.
Okay. let's…
let's fan out ten yards at a pace.
We'll pace off the grid in 100
yards goin' each direction. All right?
Let's. let's move. yeah?
There's work to do.
- Detective Harper?
- Yeah?
Hey. detective!
If you get a chance. call the sheriff.
Find time to get him down here.
- I would appreciate it.
- You got it. sir.
- Anna Andrews.
- Richard Jones.
I know.
Yeah. Jim said you
asked for me personally.
Crime scene's over there. They
haven't secured it. You want me to…
- Get what you can.
- Yeah. I will.
- All right. you need anything?
- No.
- Touch-ups?
- Probably yes.
- All right. Make yourself at home.
- All right. will do.
Wally! You wanna look. hustle up
before they throw a sheet over her.
I'm comin' as fast as I can.
We have a boot print. Wanna look?
- It's worthless.
- It looks recent.
No. no. the entire crime
scene's a forensic disaster.
I don't care if it's recent.
You had a million people tromping
around here like grand central station.
"Recent". what's that mean?
But it's surrounded by
the victim's footprints.
Do not jump to conclusions.
all right. Boston? You can't…
How in the world would you know
those footprints belong to the victim?
Because they were made by bare feet.
Move back!
I need you to get a
group of people together.
Keep those parasites off the crime scene.
You see 'em there? Go ahead. go get to it.
- I could talk to forensics instead.
- Just do what I asked. please. Thank you.
- You got it.
- Yeah.
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Stop right there.
Sir. what are you doing? You
need to get behind the police line.
Excuse me. we need you to clear
this area. This is an active crime scene.
We'll be setting up a wider
perimeter in a moment.
but for now. we need you to stay back.
Refrain from filming. sir.
Stop. Sir. stop filming.
Excuse me. please. I…
I've asked you to push back.
We are working here.
- Clear out to the wider perimeter.
- Ladies and gentlemen!
Ladies and gentlemen.
excuse me. I'm detective Harper.
I need everyone to calm down. all right?
Let our deputies do our
job. I'd really appreciate it.
Now look. we've formed a larger
perimeter by the east entrance.
If you follow this track down.
I'm gonna ask you to
position yourself there.
We'll come back when
we have something.
Can you confirm or deny whether
this is a murder investigation?
This morning. lumpkin county
sheriff's office got a… a report.
an anonymous call about a body being
found in the national forest in dahlonega.
Some deputies came out.
and. they did find a body.
Female. thirties. Caucasian.
She hasn't been formally identified.
Once she has and we notify the
next of kin. we'll release that name.
We can't give you any more.
That's all. Thank you very much.
- Come on. detective.
- I need...
why the large police
presence if it's not a murder?
No cause of death's been.
been determined at this time.
Again. when we have
something. we'll. share it.
We have a job to do.
You need to respect that.
We're gonna respect that
you have a job to do as well.
I need you to move to that perimeter.
- Thank you. that's all.
- Have you identified a suspect?
What can you tell us?
Detective Harper.
is it true you knew her?
- Jeez. what was with that reporter?
- What you talkin' 'bout?
Why… why would she
assume you knew the victim?
Small town. She's just takin' a shot.
Seems like more than that to me.
She's a reporter. Boston. She's
stirrin' shit. It's what she does.
Look. do me a favor.
Why don't you get a ride with one
of these guys to the coroner's office?
I just gotta go handle
something real quick.
I'll see you down there.
Hey. how'd you know about the
detective and victim knowing each other?
She hasn't even been ID'd yet.
I didn't state they knew each
other. I asked. There's a difference.
Not to the average viewer.
Exactly. That's why it
was the perfect question.
Writing a book.
- What?
- Come on.
You were gonna ask me what
I've been doing the past year.
That's okay. I was writing a book.
Well. good for you. What's it about?
About the historical importance
of female news anchors.
Ooh!
So what'd you do for
the other 11 months?
Boom. tsh!
I walked right into that one. didn't I?
No…
I mean. for the record. I know… why.
I'm sorry.
About your kid and everything.
Yeah.
So…
Richard Jones.
married to rising star lexy Jones.
What's that like?
Exciting?
Lonely?
Right.
Friends tell you it must be
exciting to have a celebrity wife.
or what passes for a celebrity
in Atlanta. but it's not. is it?
People recognize her
in the grocery store.
ask you to take their photo.
Next to her. you're invisible.
She leaves at two
for the four and the six.
and she stays for the 11.
Then there's meetings after. so
she doesn't get home until after one.
You're already asleep. so
goodbye. sex.
She makes five times
more money than you do.
- No. no. that's not true.
- And you're happy that she does.
But it creates an
imbalance. so happy or not.
it hurts you both.
Wow.
That's good.
Is that an excerpt from the
prologue or from chapter one?
Please.
Hey. sheriff.
Rachel Hopkins? Does Clyde know?
I'm on my way there now.
Stabbed. Jesus.
- What evidence you got so far?
- We're off to a slow start.
The rain. you know. washed
most of the evidence away.
No cell phone found.
Keep me in the loop. got it?
Jack!
- Jack. are you listening to me?
- Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
- Keep me in the loop.
- The loop. you bet.
Jeannine wilcox.
Morning. Jack. Come to arrest me?
Criminal like you. jail ain't been
built bad enough to hold you down.
What room is she in?
You know I'm not supposed to say.
There you go. Hey. the. guy
she with. you got his name?
- Richard Jones.
Appreciate you. jeannine.
- Tell your mama I say hi. okay?
- I will do.
Yeah.
Yes. your fucking body's amazing.
Yes! Yes!
Jesus Christ.
- Ignore it.
- Okay.
No. thank you.
- Maybe I should see who it is.
- Don't you fucking dare.
Yes. yes. yes! My god. I'm so close.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Who is it?
Wanna try again?
Guess that's a no.
Fucking Jack.
Who's Jack?
Detective Harper.
Harper?
- You know him?
- Pretty well.
How well?
He's my husband.
See you at 5:30.
I don't care about all that.
- I just want the phone.
- Yes. sir.
Tell them that the search is not
over until it's found. understand?
I've asked for a trace on the phone.
Hey. listen. I want you to call
Jordan Scott. Atlanta homicide.
Tell them we need a p2p
background check on a Richard...
- wait. sir...
- sh.
Don't talk. just listen. It's Richard. yeah?
Robert. ida. charlie… hang on.
Why are we running a check on him?
Anna! Shit.
- Priya. you there?
- Yes. sir.
- Why am I running a background check?
- For once. you just do what I ask.
Well?
Well. unidentified white
female found this morning
off the main drag in
chattahoochee national forest.
For Christ's sake. Anna. tell
me something I don't know.
- I'm getting to it. She was murdered.
- Has that been confirmed?
Yes.
Suspects?
I'm working on it.
Okay. good. You and
Richard stay in town.
Get some color. Nice work.
Thanks.
Mom?
It's me.
Anna?
Hey. baby. Hey.
You're back.
Hi.
Hello. beautiful girl.
Hey. miss Alice.
Hey. Jackie. Hey.
What in the hell. Jack?
Did you move the trash bags?
They in there somewhere. Jackie.
Listen. look here. Look who's here.
You take your pills. miss Alice?
- She doesn't take pills.
- Everybody takes pills.
There he is.
Over there looking like
death. eating a soda cracker.
- How you doing. miss Alice?
- Hey.
- I'm gonna make you coffee.
- Jack don't want coffee.
Jack always wants coffee.
- Jack loves coffee.
- Why is Jack here?
Ooh. somebody left
their manners in Atlanta.
- Can we talk?
- I don't know. can we?
Are you following me?
- Hey. Anna. how you doing? Good?
- Yeah. good. Jack.
Good. good. It's really
great to see you. It's great.
Wanna tell me what you're doin'?
What are you doin'. Anna?
What are you doin'. Jack?
Why would you…
In the forest. why
would you ask me that?
No cause of death? She
was murdered. Jack. I know it.
So? Who was it?
You cannot cover this story. You cannot.
Why not?
- Just don't.
- Gonna have to give me more than that.
I don't have to give you
a fucking thing. Anna.
For Christ's sake. Jack. It's me.
Who was it. Jack?
What. Jack. you don't trust me?
- What? You wanna know who it was?
- Yes.
Okay. it was Rachel Hopkins.
How'd she die?
Rachel Hopkins. Anna. your friend. She
was stabbed to death. How about that?
We weren't close.
- Don't.
- You got any suspects?
- Stop.
- Persons of interest?
Would you stop? Look. Anna.
you… you can't tell anyone.
All right? Are we clear?
- We're clear.
- I'm not asking you. I'm telling you.
No one knows. Her husband doesn't.
- No one in this town knows. okay?
- Jack. I said I won't.
Jackie. boy. when did you get here?
Hey. miss Alice. I'm just…
I'm just here to check on you. that's all.
Mama. you literally just saw him.
When?
I was about to make some…
I was just about to make some coffee.
Stay.
You like my coffee.
I don't like your coffee.
miss Alice. I love your coffee.
I'll just… be out on the porch.
It was two or three in the morning.
They found her walking
down the middle of the road.
She was naked.
It's getting worse. Anna.
It really is.
I'm guessing it's some sort
of dementia or Alzheimer's...
what do you mean. guessing. Jack?
She hasn't seen a doctor?
No. she hasn't seen a doctor. She…
She's still your mother. I can't
get her to do anything. She's…
We're doing our best. Anna.
Thank you.
I hate it here so fucking much.
Why'd you leave Atlanta. then?
- I didn't know where else to go.
- To your own place?
You're a grown man.
Jesus Christ.
I lost my job. Anna.
Looking for you. I lost
my job. You know that?
Well. I'd fire you too. Jack.
- A detective who can't find his wife.
- For Christ's sake.
Good thing I found you today. right?
At the manor. room five.
- I sure as shit found you.
- You do not wanna go there.
Not sure whether you were
on your belly or your back.
Heard you too. Yeah.
- Hey.
Just makin' up your bed
in case you wanna stay.
Mom. you been feeling okay?
Towels.
I gotta put 'em in the dryer.
- …shallow puncture wounds.
- Yes. as opposed to up here.
Hey. doc. I'm so sorry I'm late.
Detective Harper. I see
you've met my better half here.
Detective Harper. Dr. Turner.
Okay.
So. what do… what… what do we got?
- The stab wounds killed her.
- Okay.
Even though it was a short blade.
- How short?
- Paring-knife short.
If she'd only been stabbed once
or twice. she might've survived.
but as you can see.
she died of blood loss.
- How many?
- Forty.
Forty…
- Were her nails cut postmortem?
- Let's hope so.
What? Why's that?
Well. they're cut past
the hyponychium. the…
Commonly referred to as a quick.
- Got it.
- Very painful.
Forty stab wounds. but
no defensive wounds.
Look at her hands.
She probably knew him.
Him?
We found semen. fresh. and plenty of it.
The semen belongs to the killer?
Either the victim had sex
and was stabbed 40 times.
or she was stabbed 40 times
and someone had sex with her.
Either way. Scotland yard
in me says there's your killer.
I'll need DNA samples from everybody
who worked the scene this morning.
including both of you. to
eliminate any cross contamination.
I understand the crime
scene was a bit of a circus.
I can swab you both
right now if you'd like.
Yeah. we'll. come back.
get those to you tomorrow.
- Okay. detective.
- Gotta get back to dahlonega.
Gotta let her husband know
before the town finds out.
Hey. Boston. I'll be in the truck.
Go. Anna!
Helen. Rachel.
Come on!
Happy birthday!
Zoe!
Catherine!
Happy birthday. Anna!
Anna. what about you? Are
you gonna get a birthday kiss?
I don't know about that. Rachel.
Anna!
Sweet 16!
You sure?
Maybe if I get my nails done too.
Are there snakes in here?
Come on. come on. We're almost there.
Anna. you're gonna love this.
- Come on.
- They're all over me!
Shit!
- Da-da-da-da!
- Surprise. Anna!
What do you think?
What the heck?
How about this. Boston?
Pays to be the pizza
king of north Georgia?
Sir. do you find it strange
Ms. Hopkins' husband...
hasn't reported her missing? Sure do.
Do it again.
Lights aren't on.
Come on. We'll come
back in the morning.
- You better not be bullshittin' me.
- I'm not.
Am I live at six or not. Jim?
You're live at six. just like you wanted.
Okay. thank you.
At the top of the hour.
new details emerge
about the dahlonega
woman found dead…
Something finally happens in dahlonega.
and I can't even get
ahold of my own brother?
Spit it out! Who's the stiff?
Don't go anywhere
because that's all ahead.
God.
Goddammit. Jack.
It's 6:00 P.M. and…
- Meg asleep?
- Sh. I'm trying to listen.
…with lexy Jones.
We bring you breaking news tonight
as the body of a woman was found…
Watch. Jack. They probably
solved it for you already.
Lumpkin county sheriff's office could
not confirm the identity of the victim
nor the circumstances of her death.
But tonight. we can bring
you a wsk-TV news exclusive.
Anna Andrews is live from
dahlonega with the latest.
Wait. Anna's back?
She looks skinny. Jack. did
you know that Anna's back?
…a woman's body was discovered
in the woods just behind me.
Now. while the lumpkin
county sheriff's office
have refused to identify the
victim or the cause of death.
our investigation has uncovered both.
A confidential source has told me
that 40-year-old local resident
Rachel Hopkins was stabbed to death.
Rachel?
While no further details
are available at this point.
when I know something. you will too.
For wsk. I'm Anna
Andrews in dahlonega.
Goddammit.
God. what a fucking…
And we're off.
Fuck yeah.
…a woman's body was discovered…
- Wrapsy-Daisy.
- Yeah.
Fuck me harder.